#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / HeeJin - ViViD"
(HeeJin, the founder of LOOΠΔ, is left alone at the set!)
HeeJin: Hey~
HeeJin: The members went to our company's building for a while~
HeeJin: after shooting group dance scene was done~
HeeJin: However! I have to film my individual scene~
HeeJin: The scene is..
HeeJin: (Bright) Jumping off the rooftop!
HeeJin: I don't know exactly how I should do~!
HeeJin: Anyway, see you soon on the rooftop! Bye!
(Aren't you curious how this scene was filmed?)
(Like Olivia Hye's jump scene, a stunt person jumped instead of HeeJin!)
HeeJin: Oh...
HeeJin: Although a lot of safety equipments were set up there, I think it doesn't mean that it's not dangerous.
HeeJin: Despite all that, she's trying really hard...
HeeJin: I greatly appreciate about that
HeeJin: Thanks to her efforts
HeeJin: This scene will be greater and more beautiful than any other scenes in the music video
HeeJin: Of course, I will do my best too!
HeeJin: To connect her scene and my scene naturally!
HeeJin: And to successfully pretend that this scene is filmed by me!